[Workers] cache update (#4959)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/workers/learning/how-the-cache-works.md

---

> ### Purging Assets Stored with the Cache API

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Purging assets stored with the Cache API
```

>   Assets stored in the cache through [Cache API](/runtime-apis/cache) operations can be purged in a couple of ways:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Assets stored in the cache through [Cache API](/runtime-apis/cache/) operations can be purged in a couple of ways:
```
Also removing the indent just to be safe.

- Call `cache.delete` within a Worker to invalidate the cache for the asset with a matching request variable.

  - Assets purged in this way are only purged locally to the data center the Worker runtime was executed.

> - In order to purge an asset globally, the standard cache purge options must be used. Based on cache API implementation, not all cache purge endpoints function for purging assets stored by the Cache API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- To purge an asset globally you must use the standard cache purge options. Based on cache API implementation, not all cache purge endpoints function for purging assets stored by the Cache API.
```
The second sentence is not very clear to me... Consider using something like the following:
> Depending on the cache API implementation, some cache purge endpoints may not purge assets stored by the Cache API.

I didn't add it as a suggestion because I'm changing the whole sentence and it may require some Eng validation to make sure the meaning is the same.

>   - All assets on a zone can be purged by using the [Purge Everything](/cache/how-to/purge-cache#purge-everything) cache operation. This purge will remove all assets associated with a Cloudflare zone from cache in all data centers regardless of the method set.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - All assets on a zone can be purged by using the [Purge Everything](/cache/how-to/purge-cache/#purge-everything) cache operation. This purge will remove all assets associated with a Cloudflare zone from cache in all data centers regardless of the method set.
```

>   - All assets on a zone can be purged by using the [Purge Everything](https://developers.cloudflare.com/cache/how-to/purge-cache#purge-everything) cache operation. This purge will remove all assets associated with a Cloudflare zone from cache in all data centers regardless of the method set.

Author: ```suggestion
  - All assets on a zone can be purged by using the [Purge Everything](cache/how-to/purge-cache#purge-everything) cache operation. This purge will remove all assets associated with a Cloudflare zone from cache in all data centers regardless of the method set.
```

>   - Available to Enterprise Customers, [Cache Tags](/cache/how-to/purge-cache#add-cache-tag-http-response-headers) can be added to requests dynamically in a Worker by calling `response.headers.append()` and appending `Cache-Tag` values dynamically to that request. Once set, those tags can be used to selectively purge assets from cache without invalidating all cached assets on a zone. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Available to Enterprise Customers, [Cache Tags](/cache/how-to/purge-cache/#add-cache-tag-http-response-headers) can be added to requests dynamically in a Worker by calling `response.headers.append()` and appending `Cache-Tag` values dynamically to that request. Once set, those tags can be used to selectively purge assets from cache without invalidating all cached assets on a zone. 
```

>   - Available to Enterprise Customers, [Cache Tags](https://developers.cloudflare.com/cache/how-to/purge-cache#add-cache-tag-http-response-headers) can be added to requests dynamically in a Worker by calling `response.headers.append()` and appending `Cache-Tag` values dynamically to that request. Once set, those tags can be used to selectively purge assets from cache without invalidating all cached assets on a zone. 

Author: ```suggestion
  - Available to Enterprise Customers, [Cache Tags](cache/how-to/purge-cache#add-cache-tag-http-response-headers) can be added to requests dynamically in a Worker by calling `response.headers.append()` and appending `Cache-Tag` values dynamically to that request. Once set, those tags can be used to selectively purge assets from cache without invalidating all cached assets on a zone. 
```

---

## Edge versus browser caching

> The browser cache is controlled through the `Cache-Control` header sent in the response to the eyeball (the response passed or promised to `event.respondWith()`). Workers can customize browser cache behavior by setting this header on the response.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The browser cache is controlled through the `Cache-Control` header sent in the response to the client (the response passed or promised to `event.respondWith()`). Workers can customize browser cache behavior by setting this header on the response.
```
I'd use "client" or "visitor" instead of eyeball. If the probability of having a system making the requests is high, I'd use "client".

---

### Purging assets stored with the Cache API

Assets stored in the cache through [Cache API](/runtime-apis/cache/) operations can be purged in a couple of ways:

- Call `cache.delete` within a Worker to invalidate the cache for the asset with a matching request variable.

  - Assets purged in this way are only purged locally to the data center the Worker runtime was executed.

> - In order to purge an asset globally, the standard cache purge options must be used. Based on cache API implementation, not all cache purge endpoints function for purging assets stored by the Cache API.

Author: ```suggestion
- To purge an asset globally you must use the standard cache purge options. Based on cache API implementation, not all cache purge endpoints function for purging assets stored by the Cache API.
```
